as a chief, I find myself getting recognition all the time. Uh, many of
the supervisors that I'm involved with they actually, like, you know,
explain how how thankful they are to have me, um, in front of the
crew. They actually tell me as well. But you will find, though, that
as you get promoted, um, you're gonna find your you're opportunities
to be recognized like that grow smaller and smaller. Um, you just
find that once you make chief and above, that's just not necessary.
That's not a requirement for your job. If you're gonna be promoted,
it's going to be based on the work that you do. And it's basically
maybe 80 90% of it. They just say, Who did you train? What did they
do? And if they want an award, then you get promoted. So it's kind
of an indirect, um, achievement When you when you when your unit is
successful, when your first class, which is E six and below. Uh, then
it is a little bit more individual. That's when they want you to ruin
awards. That's when they want you to run, sailor. The quarter There's
no sailor. The quarter for chief and above. I don't even think
there's, um, something of the quarter for officers. It's just from
first class and below. Uh, there's junior sailor quarter. There's blue
jacket of the quarter. Uh, there's Navy calms and dams. I think I
want to now that my last award at my last command. But I don't remember
what it was for and, you know, thank you very much. I remember
just doing the job A Z best as I could. But that's a side note, by the
way. It's not something that I was working towards. I think most
most leadership will tell you that.